Export improvements + documentation (#1872)
freedomofpress/securedrop-client: export/README.md

## Supported Printers

Printer support is currently limited to a subset of Brother and HP printers that offer USB
(non-wireless) connectivity, such as:

- HP LaserJet Pro 4001dn
- Brother HL-L2320D

## Supported Export Devices

Export to LUKS-encrypted or VeraCrypt-encrypted USB devices is supported.

### LUKS

> Provision an MBR/DOS partitioned or GPT partitioned LUKS-encrypted drive. If using
> `Gnome Disks` in Linux to partition your drive,
> [follow these instructions](https://docs.securedrop.org/en/stable/set_up_transfer_and_export_device.html#create-usb-transfer-device). LUKS-encrypted devices can also be created with [cryptsetup](https://linux.die.net/man/8/cryptsetup):

Reviewer: Suggested revision for clarity:

```suggestion
Partition a drive (either the MBR/DOS or the GPT partition scheme is fine)
and encrypt exactly one partition with LUKS.  On Linux, you can
[follow these instructions](https://docs.securedrop.org/en/stable/set_up_transfer_and_export_device.html#create-usb-transfer-device)
to use GNOME Disks to set up your drive.  You can also use
[cryptsetup](https://linux.die.net/man/8/cryptsetup):
```

Author: updated word for word in https://github.com/freedomofpress/securedrop-client/commit/1b44601ed41c1679d7241bbe5e6758ae6f4a8687 :)

1. `sudo cryptsetup luksFormat --hash=sha512 --key-size=512 DEVICE` where `DEVICE` is the name

>    of your removable drive, which you can find via `lsblk -p`.

Reviewer: Nit: Can we standardize on either `lsblk -p` or `sudo fdisk -l` to keep the lookup consistent between methods?
